# FMEA_QC_Brachytherapy-App
Goal is to create a WebApp tool to evaluate FMEA risk specific to patient for HDR GYN Brachytherapy treatment workflow. FQMBrachy is a tool for FMEA quality management risk analysis for Gyn cancer treatment. Tool is set to do this analysis for GYN HDR brachy, however, the platform is built to work with other treatment sites (Head and neck, breast, prostate,....) and variety of the HDR sources. To run the App for other sites, the database have to include the risk value for those workflow. 
In 2016 AAPM TG-100 is published and include a typical FMEA risk analysis for IMRT. From 2016 till now (2022) several brachytherapy TG is published {i.e, TG-221 (Ocular, 2019), TG-253 (skin, 2020), TG-182 (eBT, 2021), TG-229 (eBT dosi, 2021), TG-222 (mesh, 2021)}. All these task groups recommended that Failure Mode & Effect Analysis (FMEA) risk based QM have to be part of brachytherapy treatment workflow. Presently there is no any software/App to evaluate FMEA risks for brachytherapy. Therefore, the goal here was to create a WebApp to assess the risk in HDR GYN brachy treatment workflow for each patient. All the treatment member including Radiation Oncology Dr, Medical Physicit, Radiotherapist, .... can login to the APP and change the value of Occurrence "O", Detectability "D", and Severity "D" and finally Risk Priority Number "RPN" for that sub task specific to pateint, and save it in the database. I used SQLlite 3 to build my database, but due to confidentiality of the data I am not able to share my database, you have to make your own database. FQMBrachy, is able to do risk analysis specific to patient, and remind the treatment team, which process/substeps include more risk; which later can give a guide to department how they update their treatment for better patient treatment and safety.  

